VPA: make parameters oomBumpUpRatio and oomMinBumpUp configurable (#5275)
kubernetes/autoscaler: vertical-pod-autoscaler/README.md

You can then choose which recommender to use by setting `recommenders` inside the `VerticalPodAutoscaler` spec.

### Override default values when OOM occurs
The below parameters can be used to overwrite the default values when an OOM event is occured.

> OOMBumpUpRatio specifies how much memory will be added after observing OOM.

Reviewer: s/OOMBumpUpRatio/oom-bump-up-ratio/
?

Also I'd explain this in some more detail.

When VPA observes an OOM it will use a sample that higher of:
 - `oom-min-bump-up-bytes` B over memory usage observed during OOM and
 - `oom-bump-up-ratio` times the memory usage observed during OOM.

> `oom-bump-up-ratio` specifies times the memory usage observed during OOM.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`oom-bump-up-ratio` specifies the memory bump up ratio when OOM occurred, default is `1.2`. This means, memory will be increased by 20% after an OOMKill event.
```

> `oom-min-bump-up-bytes` specifies minimal increase of memory after observing OOM.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`oom-min-bump-up-bytes` specifies minimal increase of memory after observing OOM. Defaults to `100 * 1024 * 1024` (=100MiB)
```
